should you stretch before you work out
stretching is killing your gains the
main problem is there's a difference
between acute effects and chronic
effects acute means immediate for
instance this study stretched people for
four sets of 30 seconds for six
different stretches more than I've ever
stretched at one time and what do you
know they got weaker this is kind of
like doing a one rep max deadlift and
then testing your squat after and
noticing wow I'm a whole lot weaker now
deadlifts are not bad for your squat but
if you do them right before you squat or
any strenuous activity like a ridiculous
amount of high intensity stretching your
squat is going to be much weaker but
none of that even matters if you just
stretch after you work out or on a
completely separate day and before you
ask the chronic effects of stretching
nothing but positive you won't get
jacked but exercise performance will go
up if you consistently stretch so
stretch after you work out for the best
result stay flexy